Try to unconfuse stdout/err capturing (#2345)
nf-core/website: src/content/docs/contributing/modules.md

    }
    ```

10. In some cases, STDOUT and STDERR may need to be saved to file, for example for reporting purposes. Use

>     the shell command `tee` to capture the streams but preserve the streams. This allows for the streams to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the shell command `tee` to simultaneously capture and preserve the streams. This allows for the streams to
```

    be captured by the job scheduler's stream logging capabilities and print them to screen when Nextflow
    encounters an error.

>     This also makes certain they are captured by Nextflow whereas things written to files only may be lost when
>     the job scheduler relinquishes the job allocation lost if using `process.scratch` - unless those files are
>     designated outputs from the process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This ensures that they are captured by Nextflow. If information is only written to files, it could potentially be lost when the job scheduler gives up the job allocation. 
    This is particularly true if `process.scratch` is used, unless those files are specifically marked as outputs from the process.
```

Reviewer: The outputs are lost even if they're designated outputs and `process.scratch` is used. Nextflow copies the designated output files only when the script successfully completes

Reviewer 2: updated the suggestion accordingely

    """
    ```

    Similarly, if the tool captures STDOUT or STDERR to a file itself, it is best to send those to the
    corresponding streams as well. Since a timeout may mean execution is aborted, it may make most sense
    to have background tasks do that.

>     ```nextflow {7-8}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ```nextflow {3-4}
```

    script:
    """
    tail -F stored_stderr.log >&2 &

>     tail -F stored_stdout.log &

Reviewer: I only knew about `-f`. Today I learned about `-F`. Nice.
